rising temple music welcome to Pandora
sponsored by beach from dr. dre
have you seen a hobbit
this thing's throat looks like a scrotum
do not wink at rubens
miss dragon should be did that crowd
thing should not be hurt
what a cunt now is not the time to lick
your hand dragon food
slow motion to make you moist the dragon
richer
title of the game that tushy
mine
friends oh that one's crippled
they are definitely did just in case you
missed it the first time hello there I
hope you enjoyed this episode of obvious
trailer analysis if you did please leave
any positive feedback in the comments
section below and any negative feedback
to yourself if you did enjoy it why not
give the video a like because it helps
me out and no that's me know that what
I'm doing your enjoyed next time vote
one for metal gear solid 5 and 24
blood-borne the new gium made by from
soft I'm sure I will see you in the next
video and goodbye